HTTP API Troubleshooting Topic: Retries to Iterable (#6346)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/iterable/index.md

They support the following events:
`Push Delivered`, `Push Bounced`, `Mobile App Uninstalled`, `Push Opened`

## High Retry Rate

If you are experiencing a large amount of retries within your destinations that are connected to your HTTP API source, this could be due to a related Etimedout errors. The errors seem to be Etimedout errors, in general, these are relatively normal intermittent problems that can come about when HTTP requests are made from server to server. 

> The Etimedout error is the result of an HTTP response not being received in a specific timeframe. Read more about how Segment retries events to destinations [here](/docs/connections/destinations/#retries-between-segment-and-destinations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Etimedout error is the result of an HTTP response not being received in a specific timeframe. [Learn more](/docs/connections/destinations/#retries-between-segment-and-destinations) about how Segment retries events to destinations.
```
